Mike-predictive-analytics (#27)
fcabrera23/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/azure_jumpstart_ag/contoso_hypermarket/predictive_analytics/_index.md

| how many kilograms of Tanzanian beans have I roasted? | Copilot lists the two days where this bean type was roasted and lists the total amount roasted | contoso_roasters |
| how many kilograms of beans from Mexico have I roasted this month? | Copilot identifies the two varieties of Mexican beans roaster and lists the total amount roasted | contoso_roasters | note that Copilot does not need to be explicitly told about the Mexican bean varieties |
| which coffee stays on the store shelves the longest? | Copilot identifies that the Tanzanian beans is unsold and stays on the shelves the longest | contoso_roasters |
| if current sales trends of coffee continues, how much Mexican beans should I order for roasting? | Copilot estimates average daily sales, projects it over a month, and suggests a quantity of Mexican beans to order | contoso_roasters and retail_inventory_sample |
| how much beans from Tanzania should I order if I except a 10% increase in demand for these beans over the next month? | Copilot looks at the two different roasts of Tanzanian beans and estimates the demand for each based on a 10% increase in demand | contoso_roasters and retail_inventory_sample |

> ## Using Microsoft 365 Copilot

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this, can you move this section before the prompts so the flow will be correct?

linkTitle: Predictive Analytics
---

# Predictive Analytics

# Contoso Hypermarket Overview

> Contoso Hypermarket uses Copilot M365 to analyze vast amounts of data and generate actionable insights. By integrating Copilot into their existing systems, Contoso can predict trends, optimize inventory, and improve customer satisfaction.  Copilot acts as another employee managers and staff can interact with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contoso Hypermarket uses Microsoft 365 Copilot to analyze vast amounts of data and generate actionable insights. By integrating Copilot into their existing systems, Contoso can predict trends, optimize inventory, and improve customer satisfaction.  Copilot acts as another employee managers and staff can interact with.
```

Author: the doc should now consistently use Microsoft 365 Copilot throughout

# Working with Spreadsheets

> Despite the advancements in technology, spreadsheets remain a crucial tool for many businesses, including Contoso Hypermarket. Copilot M365 seamlessly integrates with older formats like spreadsheets, allowing Contoso to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the advancements in technology, spreadsheets remain a crucial tool for many businesses, including Contoso Hypermarket. Microsoft 365 Copilot seamlessly integrates with older formats like spreadsheets, allowing Contoso to:
```

Author: the doc should now consistently use Microsoft 365 Copilot throughout

- Import and Analyze Data: Copilot can import data from spreadsheets, analyze it, and provide insights without the need for manual data entry.
- Generate Reports: Automatically generate comprehensive reports based on the data in spreadsheets, saving time and reducing errors.
- Predictive Modeling: Use historical data from spreadsheets to build predictive models that forecast future trends and demands.

## Key Benefits

Using Copilot in this way offers several benefits including:

- Efficiency: Automates data analysis and report generation, freeing up valuable time for employees.
- Accuracy: Reduces the risk of human error in data analysis and reporting.
- Scalability: Handles large datasets and complex calculations with ease.

## Prerequisites

> This module requires access to M365 Copilot.  For information on enabling this within your organization, please refer to [this](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/copilot/microsoft-365/microsoft-365-copilot-enable-users) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario requires access to Microsoft 365 Copilot.  For information on enabling this within your organization, please refer to [this](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/copilot/microsoft-365/microsoft-365-copilot-enable-users) document.
```

## Getting Started

> **Note:** AI-generated content may be incorrect.  In addition, the screenshots and Copilot responses may differ.

To begin, download the three spreadsheets:
- [retail_inventory_sample](https://download.microsoft.com/download/0832a0b6-bf27-4a3f-bf65-b3404233f9cb/retail_inventory_sample_20241025.xlsx) - this simulates inventory and sales data for Contoso Hypermarket

> - [footfall_sample](https://download.microsoft.com/download/3fe05ab3-2aa7-4c59-8260-d90a92888432/footfall_sample_20241025.xlsx) - this simulates footfall data derived from in-store cameras

Reviewer: I suggest giving some explanation about what is footfall as I think not everyone knows what it means

Author: I tried to articulate footfall and link to the footfall-specific doc

- [contoso_roasters](https://download.microsoft.com/download/3fe05ab3-2aa7-4c59-8260-d90a92888432/contoso_roasters_20241025.xlsx) - this is a production log of coffee roasting

> ## Prompts

Reviewer: Should the user be able to do this ? If yes, we need to provide some guidance on how to do that ; how to open copilot, ingest the excel sheets, type the prompts,....etc

| how much energy have I used for all of my roasts this month? | Copilot adds the data in the for power consumption| contoso_roasters | note that Copilot is able to identify the pertinent field from the spreadsheet to answer this question | 
| how many kilograms of Tanzanian beans have I roasted? | Copilot lists the two days where this bean type was roasted and lists the total amount roasted | contoso_roasters |
| how many kilograms of beans from Mexico have I roasted this month? | Copilot identifies the two varieties of Mexican beans roaster and lists the total amount roasted | contoso_roasters | note that Copilot does not need to be explicitly told about the Mexican bean varieties |
| which coffee stays on the store shelves the longest? | Copilot identifies that the Tanzanian beans is unsold and stays on the shelves the longest | contoso_roasters |
| if current sales trends of coffee continues, how much Mexican beans should I order for roasting? | Copilot estimates average daily sales, projects it over a month, and suggests a quantity of Mexican beans to order | contoso_roasters and retail_inventory_sample |

> | how much beans from Tanzania should I order if I except a 10% increase in demand for these beans over the next month? | Copilot looks at the two different roasts of Tanzanian beans and estimates the demand for each based on a 10% increase in demand | contoso_roasters and retail_inventory_sample |

Reviewer: Add "Next steps" section to link to another scenario

Author: added next steps to the doc
